This is an example of
an annotated wireframe.
I don't know if you guys
have used these per se, but
this is where you're specifically calling
out purpose of each content component.
And the hierarchy is laid
out on the wireframe itself.
Okay, so these are examples.
This is a lot of work.
I do not recommend doing this for
every single page of your site.
I do strongly recommend doing this for
key pages.
So the homepage, all the landing pages,
any other high traffic page,
page that is going to lead
people directly to conversion,
or to get them as a lead.
All right, those are all key pages that
we do wanna create either page tables or
these annotated wireframes for.
I really would like to encourage
the designers in the room to get away
from lorem ipsum, as much as possible.
It's really easy to design for
character counts and font sizes.
It's much more difficult to design for
content substance.
But that's where you're
going to get quality design,
that where the form follows the function.
Okay, this is not to suggest that
you're never going to need copy to
support design requirements,
because sometimes that just happens like,
but what the typical thing that
I see a lot of times is that
every page will require a subhead,
and then a sub, subhead.
And you end up just being redundant, and
it's a design element that ends up just
getting in people's way, for example.
So where if you had designed
with real content to begin with,
you would have saying no,
they're being redundant.